Last Updated: April 12, 2023
Input Output Global, Inc. (together with our affiliates and subsidiaries, "IOG," "we," "us," or "our") understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed to being transparent about the technologies used. This Cookie Notice explains how and why cookies may be stored on and accessed through our websites, mobile applications, downloadable software, including our plug-ins and browser extensions (collectively, the "Products"). This Cookie Notice should be read together with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
What are cookies?
Our Products, like many others, use cookies in order to work properly.
Cookies are small text files, often including unique identifiers, that are downloaded onto your device when you access our Products. They allow us to recognize your device and store some information about your preferences or past actions on our website, ultimately allowing us to improve your experience. Cookies are very useful and enhance your user experience.
To find more information, please go to www.allaboutcookies.org if you are located in the United States. If you are located in Europe, please go to www.youronlinechoices.eu.
How we use cookies
We or our third-party partners may collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. We use cookies to provide you with services, to set your preferences, and to understand how you interact with our Products and thus how we can improve them. Our third-party partners, such as analytics providers, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities while using our Products.
The types of cookies used
Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the Products to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies help us to understand how users engage with the Products. We may use a set of cookies to collect information and report site usage statistics. This helps us improve our Products. To learn more about Matomo Analytics privacy practices, please visit Matomo's privacy policy page here. To learn more about Posthog’s privacy practices, please visit Posthog’s privacy policy page here.
Functionality Cookies
We use a set of cookies that are optional for the Products to function. These cookies allow our Products to remember choices you make when you visit our Products in order to provide enhanced, more personalized features to you. They are usually only set in response to information provided to the Products in order to personalize and optimize your experience.
How to disable cookies
A lot of web browsers allow control of cookies through the settings. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the browser settings (see your browser's Help section for the instructions). Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
You can still use our Products if you block or delete our cookies, but your ability to access certain Product features may be limited.
Do-Not-Track Signals
We do not respond to web browser "Do-Not-Track" signals.
How We Notify You of Changes to this Cookie Notice
We may update this Cookie Notice to reflect changes in our personal data practices or relevant laws. We will notify you if we make any material changes by revising the "Last Updated" at the top of this Cookie Notice.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Cookie Notice or our privacy practices, please contact us at dataprotection@iohk.io or mail us at:
Attn: IO Privacy
Input Output Global
2015 Ionosphere Street, Ste 201
Longmont, CO 80504